how do we do this how do we wear short
sleeves three days later I know it was
it was incredible and of course you know
it takes just the right ingredients to
get snowfall and that's why it comes
once in a blue moon at least for our
area because normally we just said
temperatures a little bit too warm our
average high this time of the year is 65
degrees or and so you can see that kind
of an unusual thing all right well
starting off with a look at our live
pinpoint Doppler and showing that a
little bit of rain is coming into the
forecast picture and you can see that
that is most likely going to affect some
of the coastal areas as it's moving
generally to the south and then to the
north over Mississippi but down toward
Plaquemines Parish Venice in Boothville
you may see a shower or two throughout
the evening and then into tomorrow we do
have a chance of showers generally
though you can see these showers are
just shooting straight up into Alabama
and into Mississippi well what we've all
noticed the last couple of days is the
rise in temperatures temperatures have
gone up about sixty to ten degrees each
day we started off with temperatures in
the 50s yesterday and then or 60s 50s
Friday 60s yesterday and then shot to
the 70s today and you can see still mild
in the overnight hours 62 at New Orleans
International 63 in Gramercy 63 in Houma
63 in Lafitte and 62 in Covington and it
looks like temperatures are going to
stabilize in the overnight hours and
we'll see lows generally right around 60
degrees for both the North Shore and the
south shore let's go ahead and take a
look outside we have seen cloud cover
Saturday and Sunday from that moisture
coming in from the Gulf 66 at the
airport currently 64 at Audubon Park
these are national weather service
temperatures 66 in Slidell so look at
that dew points in the 60s and these are
the dew points we generally get in the
summertime in the 60s and 70s winds out
of the southeast at 10 miles an hour
highs today
look at these high 73 degrees at New
Orleans international quite a change of
course from what we saw on Saturday and
really or Thursday rather than we have
the snowfall and really what we've seen
the last couple of months we've just
seen these rollercoaster temperatures
maybe hitting 70 one day but then back
down to the 50s when we're going to see
70s for most of this week
and you see everybody but Bell Chase in
Slidell and actually Biloxi saw 70s for
today so what is happening well we have
a southwesterly flow in the mid levels
of the atmosphere the upper level jet
stream bringing the divides cold arctic
air and warm tropical air is generally
shifting to a more donal flow so we're
getting cloud cover coming in but we're
not getting the cold air we also at the
surface have had a high pressure that's
bringing in that return flow from the
Gulf you can see those low-level clouds
coming in and that's just brought the
moisture and that's why our dew points
are up and this picture shows it with
the arrows coming generally in a
southeasterly direction we do have a
front to the north of us but that front
and this cold air is not going to make
it to our region we actually have high
pressure over the Gulf
that's gonna block all this cold air
look at this though the middle part of
the country seeing some of the coldest
air of this season it's minus 12 degrees
in Rapid City minus 15 in Denver
Colorado so look at all this cold air
and then we were in the 70s today it's
unbelievable they're getting their shot
of cold air right now in the snow across
portions of the Rockies and into
California
here's that upper level jet stream that
divides that cold arctic air and the
warm tropical air and you can see we're
on the warm side of it we do have a
chance of showers through Monday but we
remain on the warm side of it this cold
front is going to move just through and
bisect Louisiana so northern Louisiana
could see back into the 50s and we'll
still be in the 70s and that goes really
until Tuesday that front actually moves
to the north fog could be a problem the
next couple of mornings is we do have a
lot of moisture coming into the picture
tonight temperatures in the 60s morning
fog is possible for tomorrow we do
expect mostly cloudy skies and a chance
of showers temperatures even warmer than
today possibly around 76 degrees 477 for
your afternoon high and then you can see
we increase that chance of showers going
into Tuesday all seven days temperatures
in the 70s and of course I talked to
folks talking about how it remind them
of Christmas now we're in a warm pattern
which is not yea tropical pattern
exactly all right thank you so